= QTRefMovie

QTRefMovie is based on PHPRefMovie Copyright (C) 2003 Juergen Enge (GPL V2 or later)
http://www.phpclasses.org/browse/file/7719.html
juergen@info-age.net

Most of the code design and code comments are Juergen's.
I just translated it to Ruby, simplified usage, and made it a Ruby Gem.


== Usage

* Install the qtrefmovie gem

* Load the library (some or all may not be needed)
    require 'rubygems'
    gem 'qtrefmovie'
    require 'lib/qtrefmovie'

* Make a reference movie
    movie = QTRefMovie::QTMovie.new [{:reference => "rtsp://127.0.0.1:80/test.mov",
                                      :data_rate => 'intranet',
                                      :cpu_speed => 'fast'},
                                     {:reference => "rtsp://127.0.0.1:80/test2.mov",
                                      :data_rate => 't1',
                                      :quality   => 650}]
    File.open("refmovie.mov", "w") { |f| f.write movie.to_s }

* Make the reference movie useful
    This part's up to you


== Options

You can have as many movie references as you'd like within a reference movie.  The QuickTime client will consider the parameters of each reference, as well as its own settings, to decide which reference to actually load.

Each reference may have the following parameters:

  reference:: (required) A URL pointing to a distinct version of the movie available somewhere online
              Any URL accessible to the client and playable by QuickTime
  
  data_rate:: (optional) The minimum connection speed for displaying this version
              A 32-bit number, or:  '28.8 modem', '56k modem', 'isdn', 'dual isdn',
              '256 kbps', '384 kbps', '512 kbps', '768 kbps', '1 mbps', 't1', 'intranet'
  
  cpu_speed:: (optional) An indicator of processor capability needed to view this version
              A 32-bit number divisible by 100, or:  'very slow', 'slow', 'medium', 'fast', 'very fast'
  
  quality::   (optional) A relative measure of the quality of this version compared to others referenced
              A 32-bit number


== More Information

Juergen provided detailed comments with the code, which I have maintained intact.

Apple's QuickTime File Format Specification is currently available at this URL:
http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/QuickTime/QTFF/


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Jonathan Block. See LICENSE for details.
